Modify Rule S6877: Fix tags and update description (#3690)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6877/java/rule.adoc

Java 21 introduces the new Sequenced Collections API, which applies to all collections with a defined sequence on their elements, such as `LinkedList`, `TreeSet`, and others (see https://openjdk.org/jeps/431[JEP 431]).
For projects using Java 21 and onwards, use this API instead of workaround implementations that were necessary before Java 21.

> This rule reports when a reverse copy of a list is created using a list constructor plus `Collections.reverse(list);`, but a reverse view `list.reversed()` would have been sufficient.

Reviewer: I would still keep a brief introduction of the api we are talking about
```suggestion
One of the features of the new Sequenced Collections API is `SequencedCollection.reversed()` which returns a lightweight view of the original collection, in the reverse order.

This rule reports when a reverse copy of a sequenced collection is created using a constructor plus `Collections.reverse(collection);`, but a reverse view would have been sufficient.
```

If feasible, a view should be preferred over a copy because a view is a lightweight iterator without modification of the list itself.

== How to fix it

> Remove `Collections.reverse(list);` and replace `list` with `list.reversed()` after.

Reviewer: I would avoid mentioning a list, as the scope of the rule is broader
```suggestion
Remove `Collections.reverse(sequencedCollection);` and replace `sequencedCollection` with `sequencedCollection.reversed()`.
```

Author: There was no `Collections.reverse(sequencedCollection);` because the method has this signature:
```java
java.util.Collections#reverse(List<?> list)
```
Even if it's possible to have `sequencedCollection.reversed()`, I would prefer to speak only about lists.
